gh-98793: Fix typecheck in `overlapped.c` (#98835)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-10-29-03-40-18.gh-issue-98793.WSPB4A.rst

> Fixes typecheck in :func:`_overlapped.WSAConnect` and :func:`_overlapped.Overlapped.WSASendTo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix argument typechecks in :func:`!_overlapped.WSAConnect` and :func:`!_overlapped.Overlapped.WSASendTo` functions.
```
These are undocumented so no need for linking.
